i worry about you
oh they're in the middle of nowhere all
by yourself the cartels are running
everything through there
drugs people guns i don't scare easy
[Music]
pima county merchants bank let you know
that the ranches be sold at auction
i just need a little time to sort things
out
i was in the marine corps so i suggest
you all turn around and adios i'm a
soldier too
my orders are to take them back with me
you're not safe here let's go
what the hell were you thinking taking
that kid they were going to kill him
they were waiting for him at the border
you tell me a lot of appreciate what i'm
doing for you you wanna help me you take
me back i find my own way home i'm
taking you to your family in chicago
after that i don't care what you do
the man you saw at the border is from
the vasquez cartel
he'll find you and when he does he will
kill you
[Music]
this kid didn't bring any of this on
himself
he just needs someone to give him a
chance
do you think i like in chicago there are
good times ahead for you miguel
he's your grandson no his mother asked
me to look after him she must have had a
lot of faith in you
we've got it harder
looks like you had a little incident
[Music]
you